add Account Documentation (#273)
dojoengine/book: docs/pages/toolchain/sozo/world-commands/account.mdx

import WorldOptions from '../common/world-options.mdx'
import StarknetOptions from '../common/starknet-options.mdx'

## Sozo Account 

> The `sozo account` command allows managing accounts for the Sozo platform. 
> It provides functionalities to create new account configurations, deploy account contracts, and fetch 
> existing account configurations.
> ## Usage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `sozo account` command allows managing account contracts. 
It provides functionalities to create new account configurations, deploying them, and fetch 
account configuration for already existing account.

## Usage
```

account configuration for already existing account.

Note that we currently only support the OpenZeppelin account variant. For more advanced use cases, consider using [starkli](https://book.starkli.rs/accounts).

## Usage

```bash
sozo account [OPTIONS] <COMMAND>

Commands:
  new     Create a new account configuration without actually deploying.
  deploy  Deploy account contract with a DeployAccount transaction.
  fetch   Fetch account config from an already deployed account contract.
  help    Print this message or the help of the given subcommand(s).

```
### Options

- `-v, --verbose`: Increase logging verbosity.
- `-q, --quiet`: Decrease logging verbosity.
- `-h, --help`: Print help (see more with '--help').
- `-V, --version`: Print version.

### Subcommands

#### `new`

Create a new account configuration without actually deploying.

- **Options:**
  - `signer`: Options for specifying the signer.
  - `force`: Overwrite the account config file if it already exists.
  - `file`: Path to save the account config file.

#### `deploy`

Deploy account contract with a `DeployAccount` transaction.

- **Options:**
  - `starknet`: Options for specifying StarkNet configuration.

>   - `signer`: Options for specifying the signer.

Reviewer: can you please add more description for options that are not directly arguments, something like: https://book.dojoengine.org/toolchain/sozo/world-commands/execute#world-options.

so user can know exactly what argument they need to pass in the CLI.
